---
layout: post
title: "2025"
permalink: 2025
excerpt: I like people who write on the internet and I'd like to be a little more like them. I've enjoyed some 2025 recaps so here's mine.
date: 2026-01-01
lang: en
---

I like people who write on the internet and I'd like to be a little more like them. I've enjoyed some 2025 recaps so here's mine.

Some reflections:

- I moved countries. It's not my first time doing this, and I knew it would be hard because I had a really, really great life in Barcelona, but it's been a bit harder than anticipated. I know it's a matter of time, but moving places as you get older does get harder.
- I took [some time just to study](https://15445.courses.cs.cmu.edu/fall2025/). It was very nice. Tempts me to just stop everything and study maths.
- I took up running for months. I improved a lot in a short time and was very motivated. Then I moved, it was cold and most importantly suddenly days got a lot shorter. It's all bad excuses of course. I'm bad at continuing routines if I feel like I need to focus on work. I'm really really bad at just standing up at 11 and going for a run, even if there's nothing urgent. I should be better at that.
- [I worked on hard things with friends.](https://rbarbadillo.github.io/tinybird)
- I realized people will ask how you are a lot. Most people just want to hear "ok!" Some are fine with the truth. Some even start calling you more often. I cherish them.
- I bought an analog camera and took some pictures with it.
- During [_el apagón_](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apag%C3%B3n_en_la_pen%C3%ADnsula_ib%C3%A9rica_de_2025) I tried working a bit, my computer died soon, tried to stop thinking Spain was being attacked, waited for Carmen, we went for a walk, bought some tiramisù, came back home and watched Flow (I had it locally downloaded, I'm that type of person).
- I'm really happy I found someone I really truly want to be with AND that we have a healthy relationship. It's wild to me to just be able to be with someone that satisfies the first condition. Every year that passes I'm happier. [_Una vida sin alboroto_](https://open.spotify.com/intl-es/track/7jCKhYFz4NHrbrajity2eA?si=bdeba5d99e724930).
- My grandma is 101 years old. For the last 5 or 6 years, we've had a scare where we thought we were losing her. Ever since I [wrote about what she means to me](https://rbarbadillo.github.io/mi-abuela) and I read it to her, when the moment comes I always think "at least she knows."
- I was told I was intellectually gifted a couple years ago. A friend had gone through the assessment himself and recommended I do it, because it helped him understand himself better. In my case it has been very much unremarkable, I don't feel particularly misunderstood (not more than the average human!). The psychologist I saw (prior to the assessment) did tell me I was overly sensitive, and I guess that correlates, but I have not taken any big lessons away from being "gifted." Sometimes people reach out to me for counsel on taking the tests themselves or helping their children and my answer is always like: "it doesn't really matter what you do, it's not that big a deal." I've found that having healthy relationships with people who share interests is really what one needs to feel understood. Being good at talking about your feelings.
- This year I almost forgot to enjoy myself. There are two things I've loved since I was little (which is always a good sign): reading and listening to music. And I do it like someone tasting wine. I have my taste, but most of the music I listen to I listen to just to see what it's like. Out of curiosity, to understand what people see in that album, to [crack the cultural code](https://marginalrevolution.com/marginalrevolution/2018/12/deconstructing-cultural-codes.html). What's beautiful about each thing. Reading takes more time per work, so the tasting is harder. I'm also bad at sampling different things—out of 10 books I read, easily 8 are tech/business/geopolitics essays. I miss reading philosophy.

Some things I liked:

- These last months I've become obsessed with Operación Triunfo.
- Fav albums: West End Girl and choke enough are #1. Marina and Teresa wrote and released a [wonderful new album](https://open.spotify.com/intl-es/album/6V17fWLu2a57Qc5PyeLBSV?si=0PEQ5OQfSJan1g-gK_nzEQ). I made a [playlist](https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0XmzNLdMLnzg4s0vnwPE7I?si=f5128df62d7f44f8) with one song of each album I enjoyed.
- Fav re-listens: [St John Passion](https://open.spotify.com/intl-es/album/5pH8igYvcppyYTw714cJZq?si=dM1HPRNXSzSPUQs0pNFnsQ), [Muzz](https://open.spotify.com/intl-es/album/6A0b6Q83MvCOBKRAzGzEeF?si=rEnD9ZUmRpiJ9xx4g0KcbA)
- Loved The Bear and Pantheon.
- Loved Dune, Flowers for Algernon and [Antimemetics](https://darkforest.metalabel.com/antimemetics?variantId=2).

_Every day is all there is._ Let's go for 2026.
